Modularize the "loading a layer from a file" section (#4959)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/managing_data_source/opening_data.rst

.. index:: ArcInfo Binary Coverage, Tiger Format, UK National Transfer Format
.. index:: US Census Bureau

The |addOgrLayer| :sup:`Add Vector Layer` and |addRasterLayer| :sup:`Add Raster

> Layer` tabs allow to load layers from source types other than :guilabel:`File`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Layer` tabs allow loading of layers from source types other than :guilabel:`File`:
```
